CH4 exercises

Simple calculator
1. Create a HTML page named calculator.html.
2. Add a heading of your choosing.
3. Add a script element just before the closing body tag.
4. Prompttheuserforthefirstnumber.
5. Prompt the user for the second number.
6. Prompt the user for an operator (+ - / *).
7. Convert each number value entered from a string to a number.
8. Declare a variable named result and initialise it to 0. You should assign the result
of the arithmetic expression to this variable.
9. If the operator is +, add the two numbers.
10. If the operator is -, subtract the second number from the first.
11. If the operator is *, find the product of the two numbers.
12. If the operator is /, divide the first number by the second.
13. Display the result in an alert with an appropriate label.
14. Save your changes.
15. Open the file in Chrome and test the code thoroughly.
16. What could be done to make this code more robust?


Chrono quiz (version 1)
1. Create an HTML page name chrono-quiz-1.html (first version).
2. Add a heading of your choosing.
3. Add a script element just before the closing body tag.
4. Declare and initialise three variables to store three questions as follows:
In what year did the Titanic sink on her maiden voyage?  In what year did WW1 begin? 
In what year was the Qualification of Women act passed?
5. Declare and initialise three variables to store three answers as follows:
1912
1914
1918
6. Construct a for loop with a control variable initialised to 1, 
    a boolean expression that tests if the control variable is less than or equal to 3, 
    and that increments the control variable by 1 at the end of each loop.
7. Add a switch statement inside the loop that tests the loop’s control variable.
8. If the control variable is 1, prompt the user to answer question 1. 
    If the user’s answer equals the correct answer, 
    display an alert with the message “Right!”, else
    display an alert with the message “Wrong! It was <correct answer>”.
9. Repeat step 8 twice more for questions 2 and 3.
10. Save your changes.
11. Open the file in Chrome and test the code thoroughly.
12. How might this code be improved?
